well how much energy you guys have
energy as being the yeah well this is it
Wow how does it feel yeah yeah that's
nice right cuz you've been like kind of
cooped up but in hiding for all this
time how long were you in hiding two
months I think and you're not allowed to
go to dinner or anything like that right
no so just cooking swimming playing
games are you allowed to go out on your
own on missions by yourselves I have you
have you you're not allowed no I'm all
cooped up I bought him a wig you really
that a wig you wear during lovemaking or
is that a disguised way she pulled my
hair I do want to say congratulations to
you guys I also want to ask about now as
the the season ends we learn the last
names of the individuals how do you
pronounce your last name you're going
okay are you taking that or you're not
gonna take that name are you we've
talked about maybe - dating it but
that's that's even worse I don't think
our kids are gonna be able to pronounce
that no you're gonna have to have really
smart kids who ya know maybe go with
Becca's last name is that possible
uh-huh yeah I think maybe choose a
neutral last name Johnson would be
perfect for everyone and call now true
or false you pretty much knew it was
gonna be Garrett since the beginning of
the show like kind of the form the first
day yeah you know he was one of the guys
that first night he obviously got the
rose but I just felt that instant
instant spark with him that connection
and so me too that's why I'm so with him
Bristol doing this how do we bet $10
dollars chicken nuggets I'm gonna give
you $10 right now then nuggets will have
to wait on buddy $10 but if you guys
don't get married I want this mug back
okay yes put that in your your hope
chest or whatever people have there we
go when um Garrett oh did you guys see
Blake crying have you seen the whole
finale yet we've seen clips of it okay
Blake was really crying then did you
feel
for a middle I mean yeah I put myself in
his shoes and do you think you would
have cried that hard if that was you in
that spot I think so you know he cried
he shed some tears yeah I was emotional
but that was really I was almost a
breakdown had my fair share of tears too
so I get it that was the one thing but
that had to make you feel kind of good
right seeing him cry that hard but I'm
just saying just you know maybe you
think like he I mean you just better
watch yourself that's all that's not
yeah you guys have what have you learnt
about each other in the last few months
that you've been living together in
solitary confinement Oh a couple of
things he snores
so ding Wow Wow and he likes to love
purring but there he does this thing and
his brother and sister do it too where
he he loves paper towels but he'll leave
them all around the house so everywhere
it go it's like a crumpled paper towel
here crumpled paper paper towel there
and so I've started you know like this
super zoom on Instagram I've started
super zooming in on that and I'll just
send him videos all day long as a little
message stop leaving paper towels yeah
yeah that doesn't seem like as far as
bad habits code that doesn't seem so
terrible that's the one that I don't
know why it works me so much I use
anything urging you know nothing hurts
nothing I don't know it's a good answer
there's nothing you're super zooming in
on on Instagram right now that's super
zoom you said something on the show
tonight that I feel needs some
explanation and let's take a look at
that clip if we may
I said I told you before that you make
it feel like fourth of July going off in
my chest people say they get butterflies
but butterflies are small feelings and
they're cut and you give me like Eagles
his dad says butterflies
Eagles okay Oh butterflies well other
than Ellen the word butterfly by the way
you make me feel make it feel like
fourth of July going off my chest and
people say they get butterflies but
butterflies are small feelings in their
gut butterflies yeah you said it right
that time butterflies butterflies yeah
you give me like Eagles now when you
hear something like that that's the sort
of thing that really hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel
if you want to see all our latest videos
click the subscribe button and if you
don't click anyway and close your eyes
when they come on